Add "Build System" section to godot-cpp docs. (#10919)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/cpp/build_system.rst

   scons compiledb=yes

   # Generate compile_commands.json without compiling
   scons compiledb=yes compile_commands.json

For more information, please check out the :ref:`IDE configuration guides <doc_configuring_an_ide>`.
Although written for Godot engine contributors, they are largely applicable to godot-cpp projects as well.

Loading your GDExtension in Godot
---------------------------------

Godot loads GDExtensions by finding :ref:`.gdextension <doc_gdextension_file>` files in the project directory.
``.gdextension`` files are used to select and load a binary compatible with the current computer / operating system.

The `godot-cpp-template <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp-template>`__, as well as the
:ref:`Getting Started section <doc_godot_cpp_getting_started>`, provide example ``.gdextension`` files for GDExtensions
that are widely compatible to many different systems.

Building for multiple platforms
-------------------------------

GDExtensions are expected to run on many different systems. Generally, a single computer is only capable of building
for a few different platforms. For example, Windows users will be able to build for Windows, Android and Web,

> but not for macOS or Linux.

Reviewer: This is not correct, I would avoid making statements like this.

Author: It is _generally_ correct, at least if you ignore cross-compile tools. It's not the default to be able to cross compile.
I think it's important to mention this, but I'm open to a different way of formulating this!

Reviewer: If I wanted to include this in a document I would predicate my statements on 'supported toolchains', which provides the easy path you want to mention, without being overly pessimistic on whats possible.

Author: I changed the phrasing to also mention cross platform toolchains.

> To make your GDExtension as widely compatible as possible, we recommend setting up Continuous Integration (CI) to build

Reviewer: This is not really the point of CI though is it? the template project absolutely, but CI has a separate purpose unrelated to cross platform devlopment.
```suggestion
To make your GDExtension as widely compatible as possible, we recommend using the godot-cpp-template project that uses CI to build for all platforms, or some such
```

Author: I suppose i'm biased since that's what I use it for: I don't use CI to verify correctness of my code, but it saves me a lot of headache trying to get builds for all the different platforms.

I don't know what else to recommend to users to get cross platform builds. I don't think recommending them cross-compile tools is a good idea since they won't be able to test them, and they can be inferior and more complicated than native tools.

Reviewer: The template is a good recommendation, it uses the github CI to achieve the result, but it's not the point of CI to perform cross platform development, so the recommendation is for the template, not for GIthub CI. I am pedantic with the meaning of words and the purpose of tools, as some users might be reading these things for the first time.

Reviewer 2: Continuous integration (CI in short) means that you are ensuring that newly integrated doesn't break the project.
Continuous deployment (CD in short) means on the other hand to deliver software frequently through automated deployment (which is what @Ivorforce is meaning by this sentence).

TLDR: What you mean is Continuous deployment (CD) which is also integrated in the template.

Author: As far as I've dealt with it, _building_ the project is still CI, while CD is putting it into live production systems (or simply offering it up for public download). Does this mismatch your understanding?

Reviewer: @Ivorforce atlassian has an article describing the details, which fits my understanding: https://www.atlassian.com/continuous-delivery/principles/continuous-integration-vs-delivery-vs-deployment

Author: As far as I'm seeing, building the project is part of CI?

Reviewer: I can now see your interpretation of the words, so yes. I can see how you got there. it does work, from a certain point of view.

Reviewer 2: > As far as I've seen it used, _building_ the project is still CI, while CD is putting it into live production systems (or automatically offering it up for public download). Does this mismatch your understanding?

Yes this is how I would see it👍🏻
